README.md, before:


# Logo Maker CLI

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description 
This is a command line application that allows users to generate SVG logos with their chosen shapes and texts. With this Logo Maker CLI, you can select a shape (Triangle, Circle, or Square), choose a color for the shape, input a text (maximum of 3 characters), and select a color for the text. The application generates an SVG file (`logo.svg`) with the specified configurations.

## Table of Contents 
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Usage
Before using the Logo Maker CLI, make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed in your environment.

To use this application, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository.
2. Navigate to the repository folder on your local machine via the terminal.
3. Install the required dependencies using `npm install`.
4. Run the application using `node index.js`.
5. Follow the prompts to generate your SVG logo.

After the logo has been created, the SVG file (`logo.svg`) will be saved in the root directory of the project.


## Contributing 
Please send a message to me on [GitHub](www.github.com/berman619) or send an e-mail at zachhberger@gmail.com if you are interested in contributing.

## Tests
There is a test file included in this repository. To use it, run `npm install jest` on the c

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## Questions
If you have any questions, please reach out to me via e-mail at zachhberger@gmail.com or on [GitHub](https://github.com/berman619)

Commit message:

added video to readme and made font size bigger for generated svg logo

README.md, after:


# Logo Maker CLI

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Description 
This is a command line application that allows users to generate SVG logos with their chosen shapes and texts. With this Logo Maker CLI, you can select a shape (Triangle, Circle, or Square), choose a color for the shape, input a text (maximum of 3 characters), and select a color for the text. The application generates an SVG file (`logo.svg`) with the specified configurations.

Here is a [video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wcMYAFkXGyB-M_iOYTGKMzcq5sb6tTN4/view?usp=sharing) of the application being used and the Jest testing suite being run. 

## Table of Contents 
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [License](#license)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Usage
Before using the Logo Maker CLI, make sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed in your environment.

To use this application, follow these steps:

1. Clone this repository.
2. Navigate to the repository folder on your local machine via the terminal.
3. Install the required dependencies using `npm install`.
4. Run the application using `node index.js`.
5. Follow the prompts to generate your SVG logo.

After the logo has been created, the SVG file (`logo.svg`) will be saved in the root directory of the project.


## Contributing 
Please send a message to me on [GitHub](www.github.com/berman619) or send an e-mail at zachhberger@gmail.com if you are interested in contributing.

## Tests
There is a test file included in this repository. To use it, run `npm install jest`, and then `npm test`. 

## License
This project is licensed under the terms of the [MIT](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) license.

## Questions
If you have any questions, please reach out to me via e-mail at zachhberger@gmail.com or on [GitHub](https://github.com/berman619)
